README.md, before:

# NauticNet device

NMEA2000 device.

## Initial setup

On macOS, make an APFS case-sensitive volume called "Nerves". This is important because case sensitivity matters, and APFS is case-insensitive by default.

Go to https://github.com/DockYard/nautic_net_system_rpi3/releases/ and download the latest release .tar.gz package. Move it into `/Volumes/Nerves/dl`.

```
# Nerves dependencies (https://hexdocs.pm/nerves/installation.html)
brew install fwup squashfs coreutils xz pkg-config

# Install Elixir
asdf install

# Set up Nerves
mix archive.install hex nerves_bootstrap

# Get the stuff
mix deps.get
```

Copy `.envrc-example` to `.envrc` and modify as needed. Then `direnv allow` to load the environment, answering the prompts.

```sh
# To get Nerves to compile for the rpi target
mix firmware

# To build and upload directly to SD card
mix firmware.burn

# To build and upload remotely
mix firmware && mix upload nerves.local
```

## Local development

If you need to work on the `nautic_net_*` libraries locally, you can specify `NAUTIC_NET_DEPS_PATH='..'` and set up the
dependencies as sibling directories to this repo.

    nautic_net_device/         <-- you are here
    nautic_net_nmea2000/
    nautic_net_protobuf/
    nautic_net_system_rpi3/

Commit message:

New Implementation using nmea repo (#23)
* Bring up the new VirtualDevice

* Integrate data coming from NMEA and uploading to server. Also, support device upload

* Lots of cleanup

Move starting of Socketcand to NMEA. Remove pican driver. Update handlers for new format

* Discovery: make device name better

* Fix loading of virtual_device_save_fns to match on correct atom

* Add basics for data filtering

* Migrate to CAN C Port. Fix issue with initial burn and reading settings

* Update Logger lines to info level

* Move to NgCan from Socketcand

* Upgrade to Elixir 1.16.1 and deps

* Update README

* Update README

* Bump version

README.md, after:

# NauticNet device

This is the parent/main repository for the "keelboat" tracker (aka "logger"). This is designed to run on a Raspberry Pi 3 b+ with SixFab LTE and a Pican-M hats.

__TODO:__ This repository used to support 2 products and is now designed only to support the keelboat variant. There is still cruft in here surrounding the "upload" variant that needs to be removed to be more hygenic.

__When this library is used in a project it must be compiled on a Linux machine (physical or VM). This is due to the dependency on the linux kernel header files required to compile the CAN C driver. See the Development section of this document for further information.__

## Initial setup

This project requires that compiling is conducted on a Linux machine. This is due to the dependency on the linux kernel header files required to compile the CAN C driver in `:ng_can`.

The step to setup the machine are:

* Install Erlang otp 25
* Install precompiled Elixir 1.16.1 -- download precompiled and link into path.
* Install fwup via deb package found in fwup Github repo.
* Install Nerves (and dependencies).
* Create directories /Volumes/Nerves/dl and /Volumes/Nerves/artifacts with write permission for your user.
* Copy `.envrc-example` to `.envrc` and modify as needed. Then `direnv allow` to load the environment, answering the prompts.

During development the following are the command you should need:

```sh
# To get Nerves to compile for the rpi target
mix firmware

# To build and upload directly to SD card
mix firmware.burn

# To build and upload remotely
mix firmware && mix upload nerves.local
```

## Local development

If you need to work on the `nautic_net_*` libraries locally, you can specify `NAUTIC_NET_DEPS_PATH='..'` and set up the
dependencies as sibling directories to this repo.

    nautic_net_device/         <-- you are here
    nautic_net_protobuf/
    nautic_net_system_rpi3/
    nmea/
